README.md, before:

# BSc (Hons) in Creative Computing - Year 4

## Cloud Application Development - CA#2 Scenario 2

### Description

A [Serverless](https://www.serverless.com/) application converted from a Node.JS/Express Mongoose API.

The application utilizes serverless to automate the AWS proceedure of creating API routes, Lambda functions, Layers, S3 Buckets. It also allows the application to be easily converted to another cloud provider if required.

### Documentation

A full list of possible API requests are published [here](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/9152223/Tz5tYG2M).

### What you need to run this code

1. Node (14.15.4)
2. NPM (7.5.2)
3. Serverless (2.30.1)

### How to run this code

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Create a [Serverless](https://app.serverless.com/) account, download the CLI
3. The application requires the following parameters set in your serverless dashboard
   - `DB_ATLAS_URL` - MongoDB Database URI
   - `aws_access_key_id` - AWS access key
   - `aws_secret_access_key` - AWS Secret
   - `aws_session_token` - AWS Session token
4. Run `sls deploy` to deploy the application

Commit message:

Serverless Environment Variables & S3 Config
-Added aws bucket name to environment variables
-Added to festival, preformer and stage
-Updated readme with new info
-Added path to image paths e.g. festivals prefix with festivals/

README.md, after:

# BSc (Hons) in Creative Computing - Year 4

## Cloud Application Development - CA#2 Scenario 2

### Description

A [Serverless](https://www.serverless.com/) application converted from a Node.JS/Express Mongoose API.

The application utilizes serverless to automate the AWS proceedure of creating API routes, Lambda functions, Layers, S3 Buckets. It also allows the application to be easily converted to another cloud provider if required.

### Documentation

A full list of possible API requests are published [here](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/9152223/Tz5tYG2M).

### What you need to run this code

1. Node (14.15.4)
2. NPM (7.5.2)
3. Serverless (2.30.1)

### How to run this code

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Create a [Serverless](https://app.serverless.com/) account, download the CLI
3. The application requires the following parameters set in your serverless dashboard
   - `DB_ATLAS_URL` - MongoDB Database URI
   - `aws_access_key_id` - AWS access key
   - `aws_secret_access_key` - AWS Secret
   - `aws_session_token` - AWS Session token
   - `aws_bucket_name` - Name of the AWS S3 Bucket (must already exist)
4. Run `sls deploy` to deploy the application
